Added missing [mode] parameter. (#679)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Oracle Jobs/Task Types/task_cborparse.md

**Parameters**

> - `data`: a byte array containing the CBOR payload.
> - `mode`: optional string: `diet` (default) or `standard`. In `diet` mode, the incoming CBOR is expected to be a map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data`: A byte array containing the CBOR payload.
- `mode`: An optional parameter that specifies how to parse the incoming CBOR. The default mode is `diet`, which expects the input to be a map. Set the mode to `standard` to pass literal values through "as-is". Empty inputs return nil.
```

Expanded the text based on the code comments here: https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/d39dc15baddafb193b8919102bf8519c789f9083/core/cbor/cbor.go#L38
